DEVDOCS-2002: Finding Apps ID Tutorial (#510)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/apps/tutorials/apps-id.md

### On This Page

> - [Find in Control Panel](#find-in-control-panel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Find in control panel](#find-in-control-panel)

```

> - [Find in Control Panel](#find-in-control-panel)

Reviewer: [Headings and Titles](https://intranet.bigcommerce.com/display/SST/Headings+and+Titles)

- [Find in DevTools](#find-in-devtools)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Resources](#resources)

</div>

> Select partners [building channel apps](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/building-channel-apps) need to know their app's ID in order to create and modify the channel's configuration. This tutorial demonstrates how to find an App's ID in [DevTools](#find-in-devtoolss) and the [control panel](#find-in-control-panel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select partners [building channel apps](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/building-channel-apps) need to know their app's ID in order to create and modify the channel's configuration. This tutorial demonstrates how to find an app's ID in [DevTools](#find-in-devtools) and the [control panel](#find-in-control-panel).

```

## Find in Control Panel

> An app's ID can be found in the URL while on the app's page in a store's control panel. The location of the app's page depends on if the app is installed or an uninstalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An app's ID can be found in the URL while on the app's page in a store's control panel. The location of the app's page depends on if the app is installed or uninstalled.

```

> * **Uninstalled Draft Apps:** [**Apps** > **My Apps** > **My Draft Apps**](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/marketplace/apps/my-apps/drafts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Uninstalled Draft Apps:** **Apps** > **My Apps** > [**My Draft Apps**](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/marketplace/apps/my-apps/drafts)

```

> * **Installed Apps:** [**Apps** > **My Apps**](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/marketplace/apps/my-apps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Installed Apps:** **Apps** > [**My Apps**](https://login.bigcommerce.com/deep-links/manage/marketplace/apps/my-apps)

```

To open the app page, click the app:

![Draft App](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/apps-id-01.png "Draft App")

The app ID is in the URL after `/manage/marketplace/apps/`:

![Draft App ID](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/apps-id-02.png "Draft App ID")

## Find in DevTools

To find an app's ID in [DevTools](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps):

> 1. Login to [DevTools](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into [DevTools](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps).

```

> 2. Click **Edit App**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Edit App**.

```

> 3. The app's ID is in the URL (Ex: `/my/apps/{{APP_ID}}/summary?review=false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Identify the app's ID is in the URL (ex: `/my/apps/{{APP_ID}}/summary?review=false`).

```

## Usage

> Once the app ID is obtained, it can be used to create or modify the `app` configuration for a channel via `POST` or `PUT` request to `/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/channels`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you obtain the app ID, you can use it to create or modify the `app` configuration for a channel via `POST` or `PUT` request to `/stores/{{STORE_HASH}}/v3/channels`:

```
